W-17396234 MQ: Metering Changes (#182)
mulesoft/docs-mq: modules/ROOT/pages/mq-monitoring.adoc

= Monitoring Anypoint MQ

Use the Anypoint MQ monitoring features to view usage reports and audit logging data.

* xref:mq-usage.adoc[]
+

> You can view a report that shows usage for a selected time period (total usage and by object).

Author: ```suggestion
You can view a report that shows usage for a selected period (total usage and by queue or exchange).
```

> You can view a report that shows usage for a selected period (total usage and by queue or exchange).

Reviewer: You can view a report that shows total usage by queue or exchange. 
??
It's not Exchange?

Author: It's total usage or usage by queue/message exchange. (A message exchange is a way of grouping queues...) I'll clarify.
